README.md, before:

# Charting the Path to Decent Work
## A Visual Exploration of Progress and Disparities in SDG 8

This project is a data visualization web application built with Streamlit. It explores global labor market trends, focusing on unemployment, productivity, and job quality, to assess progress toward UN Sustainable Development Goal 8.

### Features
*   **Interactive Visualizations**: Explore global trends, regional disparities, and correlations using Plotly charts.
*   **Data Analysis**: In-depth analysis of World Bank Development Indicators from 1991 to 2023.
*   **Case Study**: A focused look at the Philippines' economic transition and its impact on vulnerable employment.

### Prerequisites
*   Python 3.8 or higher
*   pip (Python package installer)

### Installation

1.  Clone the repository (or download the source code):
    ```bash
    git clone <repository-url>
    cd <repository-folder>
    ```

2.  Install the required dependencies:
    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

### How to Run

To start the web application, run the following command in your terminal:

```bash
streamlit run app.py
```

The application will open in your default web browser (usually at `http://localhost:8501`).

### Data Sources
The analysis uses the **World Bank Indicators (1960–Present)** dataset, specifically:
*   `social_protection_labor.csv`
*   `poverty.csv`
*   `education.csv`
*   `gender.csv`

### Authors
*   **De Guzman, Eric Julian** (ericjulian.deguzman.cics@ust.edu.ph)
*   **Fermin, Raudmon Yvhan** (raudmonyvhan.fermin.cics@ust.edu.ph)
*   **Palanog, Alexandra Antonette** (alexandraantonette.palanog.cics@ust.edu.ph)

*University of Santo Tomas, Manila, Philippines*

Commit message:

Add live demo link to README

README.md, after:

# Charting the Path to Decent Work
## A Visual Exploration of Progress and Disparities in SDG 8

This project is a data visualization web application built with Streamlit. It explores global labor market trends, focusing on unemployment, productivity, and job quality, to assess progress toward UN Sustainable Development Goal 8.

You can access the live application here: [https://dve7-datavisuals.streamlit.app](https://dve7-datavisuals.streamlit.app)

### Features
*   **Interactive Visualizations**: Explore global trends, regional disparities, and correlations using Plotly charts.
*   **Data Analysis**: In-depth analysis of World Bank Development Indicators from 1991 to 2023.
*   **Case Study**: A focused look at the Philippines' economic transition and its impact on vulnerable employment.

### Prerequisites
*   Python 3.8 or higher
*   pip (Python package installer)

### Installation

1.  Clone the repository (or download the source code):
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/ericjdz/DataVisuals.git
    cd <repository-folder>
    ```

2.  Install the required dependencies:
    ```bash
    pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```

### How to Run

To start the web application, run the following command in your terminal:

```bash
streamlit run app.py
```

The application will open in your default web browser (usually at `http://localhost:8501`).


### Data Sources
The analysis uses the **World Bank Indicators (1960–Present)** dataset, specifically:
*   `social_protection_labor.csv`
*   `poverty.csv`
*   `education.csv`
*   `gender.csv`

### Authors
*   **De Guzman, Eric Julian** (ericjulian.deguzman.cics@ust.edu.ph)
*   **Fermin, Raudmon Yvhan** (raudmonyvhan.fermin.cics@ust.edu.ph)
*   **Palanog, Alexandra Antonette** (alexandraantonette.palanog.cics@ust.edu.ph)

*University of Santo Tomas, Manila, Philippines*
